fix: Fix issues preventing this collection from being certified (#390)
oamg/ansible-leapp: README.md

Example playbooks live under `playbooks/`.

### Out of scope

The `upgrade` role does **not** upgrade third-party products or non-RHEL package sets. For a full stack upgrade you may need extra automation for agents, clustered storage, databases, and similar (for example Veritas InfoScale clustering or [SAP HANA on RHEL](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_enterprise_linux_for_sap_solutions/)). Packages from non-RHEL repos (for example [Red Hat Software Collections](https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/rhscl), [EPEL](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/epel/), [RPM Fusion](https://rpmfusion.org/)) are not handled by the role as RHEL content.

Many workloads remain compatible after an in-place upgrade under [RHEL application compatibility](https://access.redhat.com/articles/rhel8-abi-compatibility) guidance; validate in non-production before production cutovers.

## Requirements

> - **Ansible / ansible-core:** Must satisfy `requires_ansible` in `meta/runtime.yml`. Use an ansible-core and Automation Platform release that meets that constraint and your organization’s support policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Ansible / ansible-core:** Must satisfy `requires_ansible` in `meta/runtime.yml`. Use an ansible-core and Automation Platform release that meets that constraint and your organization's support policy.
```

5. **Remediation workflows** — Combine `remediate` with analysis output to address inhibitors or configuration drift before re-running analysis or upgrade playbooks.

## Testing

Continuous integration runs on pushes to the repository (workflows linked in the badges at the top of this file), including Ansible/YAML lint checks. Playbook-oriented testing is also driven via [tmt](https://tmt.readthedocs.io/) plans under `plans/`, exercising roles against managed RHEL images where that CI is configured.

**Known constraints:** Match controller Ansible and Python to your targets and to `meta/runtime.yml` (see **Requirements**). Third-party and non-RHEL software may need separate automation (see **Out of scope**). Always validate in your own test tiers before production.

## Contributing

We are a fledgling community and welcome any new contributors. Get started by opening an issue or pull request. Refer to `CONTRIBUTING.md` for more information.

## Support

This collection is **Red Hat Ansible Certified Content**, distributed on **Red Hat Ansible Automation Hub** under the **`redhat`** namespace for use with **Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform**.

> **If you have a Red Hat subscription:** use **Red Hat Customer Support** ([access.redhat.com/support](https://access.redhat.com/support/)) for Ansible Automation Platform and subscription assistance. For problems with the **certified** collection build on Automation Hub, use the **Create issue** button at the top right of this collection’s page in the hub so your case is handled under your entitlement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you have a Red Hat subscription:** use **Red Hat Customer Support** ([access.redhat.com/support](https://access.redhat.com/support/)) for Ansible Automation Platform and subscription assistance. For problems with the **certified** collection build on Automation Hub, use the **Create issue** button at the top right of this collection's page in the hub so your case is handled under your entitlement.
```
